var1=INFORMEDESIGN

We have worked with Randy Pierce and the staff from Tunnel Studio for nearly two years. Tunnel Studio has worked diligently and cooperatively with the creators of the project, Dr. Denise Guerin and me for several months to create the name and identity of the Web site before developing the site itself. Randy was well prepared, intuitive, and an excellent listener. The next stage of the process was to create the design and navigation aspects of the Web site. This aspect of the work was crucial, as the primary audiences for the Web site are professional designers-both architects and interior designers.

The appropriateness of the graphic quality and the navigation of the Web site were substantiated during the Usability Tests that were conducted on-site and on-line. The comments and suggestions from those groups were very supportive of the design work, and Tunnel Studio met the challenge of making suggested minor revisions quickly and well. 

Since the launch of the Web site in January 2002, further evidence of the ease of using the Web site and the brand recognition has accumulated. Since its launch, the name InformeDesign has been the term of choice for finding the site-since summer 2002, consistently over 75 percent of the users of the site use the name as the keyword to locate the site. Tunnel Studio clearly understands the power and importance of the identity and its consistent use. A monthly newsletter, "Implications", was designed that integrated seamlessly with the identity and site design. "Implications" was developed as a template for our use to  leverage the developed assets internally. In that way he ensures that we present a consistent, professional image in print as well as on the Web site. Stationery and business cards were also created and they too reinforce our image.

Overall, it is safe to say that working with Randy Pierce and Tunnel Studio has been a rewarding experience. His judgments can be trusted and his level of creativity is impressive. Furthermore, he understands the business side of his work and appreciates and accommodates the culture and expectations of his clients.


Caren S. Martin, Ph.D., CID, ASID, IIDA
Director
InformeDesign

